**With the rapid development of our national economy and improvement of social civilization, people begin to pursue the spiritual enjoyment and pleasure in their increasingly satisfying material life.** **when it comes to** "what is a happy marriage", **different people may have different opinions。As for me**, **there are three key factors** to a happy marriage: Communication, knowledge, and commitment.
**First of all, according to the researchers,**communication is key to making any relationship last. **The majority of those surveyed said they believed** “most marital problems can be solved through open communication, and conversely many whose marriages dissolved blamed lack of communication.” **Accordingly,** good communication can go a long way in calming the waters of arguments that naturally arise during any relationship. **Furthermore,** knowledge plays many important roles in marriage.  It can contribute to understanding what I think, what I love and what I want in the pursuit of knowledge. Only in this way can I find the girl who I really want to spend the rest of my life with. **Finally,** commitment benefit to a stable marriage. As everyone knows, No one can deny that honesty is the traditional virtue of the Chinese nation.Thus, I will be right with myself before I can truthfully expect to commit to someone else.
**To sum up**, despite attitudes towards this problem vary from person to person, I still consider if the couple does well in these three factors, they will live a happy and harmonious life. This conclusion might be traditional, but it turns out to be realistic and rational in current social society


With the rapid development of our national economy and improvement of social civilization, people begin to pursue the spiritual enjoyment and pleasure in their increasingly satisfying material life. When it comes to "whether love is an art.", different people may have different opinions。As for me, love is, of course, an art and there are three key characteristics of “art love”: respect, care and responsibility.
First of all, according to the researchers, respect is key to making any relationship last. The majority of those surveyed said they believed “most misunderstands can be solved through respect
, and conversely many whose relationships dissolved blamed lack of respect.” Accordingly, good respect can go a long way in calming the waters of arguments that naturally arise during any relationship. Furthermore, care plays many important roles in art-love. It can contribute to understanding what her think, what her love and what her want. Only in this way can I find the girl who I really want to spend the rest of my life with. Finally, responsibility benefit to a stable love. As everyone knows, no one can deny that honesty is the traditional virtue of the Chinese nation. Thus, I will be right with myself before I can truthfully expect to commit to someone else.
To sum up, despite attitudes towards this problem vary from person to person, I still consider if the couple does well in these three factors, they will live a happy and harmonious life. This conclusion might be traditional, but it turns out to be realistic and rational in current social society.




